Sure enough, you are finally willing to come to see me
Yes. Can you call me Daddy?
No, I've given you a lot of face by coming.
You are my biological son
This is the truth
I find that people like you can really comfort yourself
That year
You don't owe mom at all
Sure enough
Dad has always been thinking of you
Don't say that
You and that woman never had children
Is that the point?
Silently, your father's critical illness has been notified
Just these two days
Mr. Zhao, you are responsible for chatting well
I'm going out first
You go out first
Yes, ma'am.
Do you still know me?
Excuse me?
I've been face blind.
I am Zhang Boran's mother
Did you remember this time?
Wu Ying, right?
Attorney Tang, to be honest, I have always been grateful to you
But gratefulness is gratefulness.
I will not compromise on the rest.
So? So here's 10 million dollars. Leave my son.